2276 feature extract doc (#2277)
google/timesketch: docs/guides/analyzers/feature_extraction.md

## Feature extraction analyzer

> The feature extraction analyzer creates attributes out of event data based on regex. Different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature extraction analyzer creates attributes out of event data based on regular expressions. Different
```
